Glorious Onyx Condor

High

# Oracle Prices can be manipulated due to missing access control

## Summary
Elfi use their own offline oracle mechanism, where the oracle protocol administrator is only responsible for providing the oracle price.

I reported this contract according to this Sherlock README:
>Should potential issues, like broken assumptions about function behavior, be reported if they could pose risks in future integrations, even if they might not be an issue in the context of the scope? If yes, can you elaborate on properties/invariants that should hold?
>Yes

Furthermore, all the contract calls the `getLatestUsdPrice`, which is a vital function for calculating token prices.
If other integrations were to use Elfi's priceFeed, it can be manipulated too.
## Vulnerability Detail
The problem lies within `OracleFacet::setOraclePrices` where anyone could set prices for different tokens allowing manipulation for prices. Contracts will call `getLatestUsdPrice` which obtains manipulated prices, this means that an attacker can set prices as low as 1 wei and sell them at the original price in a DEX performing an arbitrage, stealing the profits.

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.18;

import "../interfaces/IOracle.sol";

contract OracleFacet is IOracle {
    // Since set method can be used by anyone and readme stated allow integration, any other forks who uses Elfi oraclePrice allows manipulation.
    function getLatestUsdPrice(address token, bool min) external view returns (int256) {
        return OracleProcess.getLatestUsdPrice(token, min);
    }
//@audit-issue missing keeper role or oracle role?
    function setOraclePrices(OracleProcess.OracleParam[] calldata params) external {
        OracleProcess.setOraclePrice(params);
    }
}

```
## Impact
Token prices are manipulatable, causing attacker to steal tokens far lesser than their original value
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/facets/OracleFacet.sol#L11
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement access control on `setOraclePrices`, where trusted admins can call the function.