Active Punch Jellyfish

high

# `updatePositionFromBalanceMargin` function returns "0" if amount to be updated is negative

## Summary
When a cross position is closed all the other cross positions "fromBalance"s updated. If the amount to be updated is negative then the other positions "fromBalance" should be decreased to lower down their cross available value. However, the function logic always returns "0" prior to storage update before the return statement.
## Vulnerability Detail
Say Bob has 3 positions as follows:
WBTC SHORT (margin: 100, marginFromBalance: 100, initialMarginInUsd: 100, initialMarginInUsdFromBalance: 100)
SOL SHORT (margin: 100, marginFromBalance: 50, initialMarginInUsd: 100, initialMarginInUsdFromBalance: 50)
WETH SHORT (margin: 100, marginFromBalance 90, initialMarginInUsd: 100, initialMarginInUsdFromBalance: 90) 

Say the WBTC position is closed in loss such that there is a negative `settledMargin`. The `changeToken` will also be negative. Say the value for `changeToken` is -110.

Below lines will be executed in PositionMarginProcess::updatePositionFromBalanceMargin() function since the `changeToken` is negative. For SOL the `addBorrowMarginInUsd` will be 110 * 100 / 100 = 110.  Since this value is higher than `position.initialMarginInUsdFromBalance` the first if check will be executed and `position.initialMarginInUsdFromBalance` will be "0". Then, the actual changeAmount will be calculated right after, normally this value should be the 50 * 100 / 100 = 50 token. However, because the "position" is a storage pointer and its value is set to "0" before the `changeAmount` calculation, `changeAmount` calculation will also be "0". That means that when the loop goes to the WETH position, instead of only decreasing 60 tokens (110-50) it will also reset the entire `position.initialMarginInUsdFromBalance` for the WETH position. 
```solidity
else {
            uint256 addBorrowMarginInUsd = (-amount).toUint256().mul(position.initialMarginInUsd).div(
                position.initialMargin
            );
            if (position.initialMarginInUsdFromBalance <= addBorrowMarginInUsd) {
                position.initialMarginInUsdFromBalance = 0;
                changeAmount = position.initialMarginInUsdFromBalance.mul(position.initialMargin).div(
                    position.initialMarginInUsd
                );
            } else {
                position.initialMarginInUsdFromBalance -= addBorrowMarginInUsd;
                changeAmount = (-amount).toUint256();
            }
        }
```
## Impact
Entire "from balance" will be off. Account will have a lower "from balance" which means that the account can borrow more although it shouldn't be. 
No coded poc here because the issue is clear from text and easy to spot.  
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/8a1a01804a7de7f73a04d794bf6b8104528681ad/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/PositionMarginProcess.sol#L274-L338
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change the order of these lines to this:
```solidity
changeAmount = position.initialMarginInUsdFromBalance.mul(position.initialMargin).div(position.initialMarginInUsd);
position.initialMarginInUsdFromBalance = 0;
```