Scrawny Bone Goblin

high

# Lack of Permissions in `AccountFacet.batchUpdateAccountToken()`

## Summary

The function `batchUpdateAccountToken` in `AccountFacet` does not check for permissions on the account being modified, allowing anyone to change token amounts for any account and repay liabilities, leading to potential unauthorized access and manipulation of account balances.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `batchUpdateAccountToken` function can be called by any user, enabling them to alter the token amounts and repay liabilities for any account without permission checks. This lack of access control poses a significant security risk, allowing unauthorized users to manipulate other users' accounts.

The vulnerable function in `AccountFacet`:

```solidity
File: contracts/facets/AccountFacet.sol
68:     function batchUpdateAccountToken(AssetsProcess.UpdateAccountTokenParams calldata params) external override { // audit
69:         AddressUtils.validEmpty(params.account);
70:         AssetsProcess.updateAccountToken(params);
71:     }
```

## Impact

This vulnerability allows any user to modify the token balances and repay liabilities of any account without proper authorization. This could lead to unauthorized access, potential theft, and manipulation of account balances.

## Code Snippet

- [AccountFacet.sol#L68-L71](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/8a1a01804a7de7f73a04d794bf6b8104528681ad/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/facets/AccountFacet.sol#L68-L71)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add appropriate access control checks to ensure that only authorized users can modify token amounts and repay liabilities for an account. Depending on the project requirements, this could involve:

1. Checking if the caller is the owner of the account.
2. Checking if the caller has specific permissions to modify the account.