Glorious Onyx Condor

high

# stakeFacet with tokens as isCollateral set does not send tokens to respective pools

## Summary
Elfi protocol implements in a way that when a user creates mint request, the base tokens are sent to a vault, and the tokens will be sent to their respective pools afterwards.

Users can initiate a request to mint LP stake tokens and select the staked/base tokens for collateral. This action results in the corresponding pool having no actual underlying assets staked.

## Vulnerability Detail
When user set the `isCollateral == true`, the tokens are sent to portfolio vault:

```solidity
function createMintStakeTokenRequest(MintStakeTokenParams calldata params) external payable override nonReentrant {
    -- SNIP -- 
    params.isCollateral ? AssetsProcess.DepositFrom.MINT_COLLATERAL : AssetsProcess.DepositFrom.MINT
    -- SNIP -- 
```

When the keeper executes the mint request, the base tokens are not transferred from the portfolio vault into their respective pools. 

From this code snippet, we can see that this is how it is tokens is sent from LP Vault to their respective pools that aren't marked `isCollateral`. Due to the missing implementation for the Portfolio Vault, the tokens will not be sent to their pools, causing the pools to have 0 assets staked.
```solidity
    function executeMintStakeToken( //@audit check if keeper role has admin else report revert access control
        uint256 requestId,
        Mint.Request memory mintRequest
    ) external returns (uint256 stakeAmount) {
    -- SNIP -- 
        if (!mintRequest.isCollateral && mintRequest.walletRequestTokenAmount > 0) {
            IVault(address(this)).getLpVault().transferOut(  //send the all tokens from lp vault to pool
                mintRequest.requestToken,
                mintRequest.stakeToken, // from lp vault transfer to pool
                mintRequest.walletRequestTokenAmount
            );
        }

        Mint.remove(requestId);

        emit MintSuccessEvent(requestId, stakeAmount, mintRequest);
    }
```
## Impact
Base tokens that is set as collateral will not be sent to their respective pools, causing the pool to have 0 underlying assets bricking the pool.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/MintProcess.sol#L80
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Develop logic to transfer tokens from the portfolio vault to the respective pools, or revert the transaction when `isCollateral` is set to true. The decision to revert is based on discussions with the development team, as `isCollateral` is intended for future upgrades.