Active Steel Huskie

medium

# Incorrect Calculation of lossFee in GasProcess Library

## Summary
The function processExecutionFee within the GasProcess library contains a logic error when calculating lossFee in a conditional block. Specifically, lossFee will always be zero. This error affects the correct processing of execution fees during contract execution.

## Vulnerability Detail
The purpose of the processExecutionFee function is to calculate and process the execution fee based on the gas used and the gas price. The function distinguishes between cases when the actual execution fee exceeds the user's provided execution fee (userExecutionFee) and when it does not. However, there is a logic flaw in the conditional block:

## Impact
The incorrect calculation of lossFee means that the function does not accurately track or record the "loss" in execution fees. This could lead to inconsistencies in the tracking of execution costs and potential financial discrepancies in the contract's operation.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/GasProcess.sol#L22-L27

```solidity
if (executionFee > cache.userExecutionFee) {
    executionFee = cache.userExecutionFee;
    lossFee = executionFee - cache.userExecutionFee; // This will always set lossFee to 0
} else {
    refundFee = cache.userExecutionFee - executionFee;
}
```
In the if case, lossFee is always 0 because executionFee is being assigned the value of cache.userExecutionFee right before calculating lossFee.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix this issue, the order of assignment should be swapped so that lossFee is calculated correctly before the executionFee is capped at cache.userExecutionFee.
