Soaring Tawny Fly

Medium

# Risk of Swap Reversion or Delay Due to Timestamp Mismanagement in `SwapProcess.sol:swap()` function.

## Summary
The cross-chain timestamp handling in the ELFI smart contract deployed on Arbitrum, which interacts with Uniswap on the Ethereum network. When executing a swap on `Uniswap V3`, using `block.timestamp` as the parameter for the `deadline` has several negative implications.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/SwapProcess.sol#L50-L60
## Vulnerability Detail
`SwapProcess.sol:swap()` function is responsible for executing swap. And that swap is executed using uniswap V3. The parameter of swap `callSwapParams` is passed to `ISwapRouter(uniswapRouter).exactInputSingle()` inside that parameter the deadline is getting passed as `block.timestamp` here's the vulnerability arises.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/SwapProcess.sol#L50-L59
### ISSUE - 1
1. `block.timestamp` differs between Arbitrum and Ethereum due to their independent block generation processes. Passing an Arbitrum `block.timestamp` to an Ethereum contract can lead to discrepancies, potentially causing transaction failures or incorrect time-sensitive operations.
  Related articles - https://arxiv.org/html/2307.14773v2#:~:text=5.2,is%20consistently%201000.
 https://arxiv.org/html/2307.14773v2#:~:text=Issues%20and%20Risks%3A%20On,contracts%20from%20Ethereum%20to%20Arbitrum.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/SwapProcess.sol#L55
### ISSUE - 2
1. The deadline parameter is simply passed in as the current `block.timestamp`, in which the transaction occurs. This effectively means that the transaction has no deadline, which means that swap transactions may be included anytime by validators and remain pending in mempool, potentially exposing users to sandwich attacks by attackers or MEV bots.
2. Lets say Alice submits a swap transaction  and she chose a transaction fee that is too low for validators to be interested in including her transaction in a block. The transaction stays pending in the mempool for extended periods, which could be hours, days, weeks, or even longer. When the average gas fee dropped far enough for Alice's transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, her swap will be executed. In the meantime, the price of token could have drastically decreased. 
3. An even worse way this issue can be maliciously exploited is through MEV.
## Impact
1. Revert or hold of transaction .
2. Loss of funds due to MEV
3. Potentially expose to sandwich attacks.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/SwapProcess.sol#L50-L59
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use relative timing instead of absolute block.timestamp when passing parameters across chains. Implement a mechanism where a duration or deadline relative to the initiating chain's time is used.
