Scrawny Bone Goblin

Medium

# Future upgrades may be difficult or impossible

## Summary

The project uses nested structures to store data, which may complicate or make future upgrades impossible. In extreme cases, upgrades could lead to data inconsistency and improper system operation.

## Vulnerability Detail

The project uses a structured storage scheme, allowing data in the form of structures to be appropriately linked with facets, theoretically enabling easy updates. However, a problem may arise in future updates because some of these structures contain nested structures that cannot be expanded without "corrupting" the data stored after them in the parent structure.

```solidity
File: contracts/storage/LpPool.sol:20
    struct Props {
       [...]
        TokenBalance baseTokenBalance; //audit struct
        EnumerableSet.AddressSet stableTokens;
        mapping(address => TokenBalance) stableTokenBalances;
        mapping(address => FeeRewards) tradingFeeRewards;
        BorrowingFee borrowingFee; //audit struct
        uint256 apr;
        uint256 totalClaimedRewards;
    }

```

```solidity
File: contracts/storage/Position.sol:12
   12:     struct Props {
   13:         bytes32 key;
  [...]
   27:         PositionFee positionFee; //audit struct
   28:         int256 realizedPnl;
   29:         uint256 lastUpdateTime;
   30:     }

```

This is a problem analogous to storage gaps in upgradable contracts, but in a more advanced and complicated form, which is why it should be rated as medium.

## Impact

Using nested structures for data storage complicates future upgrades. In extreme cases, this can lead to data inconsistency and improper system operation, which is particularly dangerous in financial systems.

## Code Snippet

- [LpPool.sol#L20-L32](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/8a1a01804a7de7f73a04d794bf6b8104528681ad/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/storage/LpPool.sol#L20-L32)
- [Position.sol#L27](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/8a1a01804a7de7f73a04d794bf6b8104528681ad/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/storage/Position.sol#L27)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To enable safe extension of inner structures in future upgrades, avoid directly nesting structures. Instead, use mappings, which allow extending structures without the risk of overwriting existing state variables.

### Example Solution

Instead of directly nesting structures, place them in mappings:

```solidity
mapping(uint256 => TokenBalance) tokenBalances;
mapping(uint256 => BorrowingFee) borrowingFees;
```

Access them using constants:

```solidity
uint256 constant BASE_TOKEN_BALANCE = 0;
uint256 constant BORROWING_FEE = 1;

// Accessing the values
TokenBalance storage baseTokenBalance = tokenBalances[BASE_TOKEN_BALANCE];
BorrowingFee storage borrowingFee = borrowingFees[BORROWING_FEE];
```

In this way, if there is a need to extend the inner structure in future upgrades, it can be done without the risk of overwriting existing state variables.

#### Reference
> Do not put structs directly in structs unless you don’t plan on ever adding more state variables to the inner structs. You won't be able to add new state variables to inner structs in upgrades without overwriting existing state variables.

[Source](https://eip2535diamonds.substack.com/p/diamond-upgrades)