Soaring Tawny Fly

Medium

# Critical Vulnerability Allowing Users to Exceed `collateralUserCap` in `AssetsProcess.sol:deposit`  function.

## Summary
There is  a potential vulnerability in the `AssetsProcess.sol` library, specifically in the deposit function. The issue pertains to the check for the `collateralUserCap`, which ensures users do not mint more than a specified amount of collateral. The current implementation only verifies the previously minted amount, allowing users to exceed the cap by making successive deposits.

## Vulnerability Detail
In contract `AccountFacet.sol` user can call deposit to deposit tokens. 
```
function deposit(address token, uint256 amount) external payable override {
//Code...
}
```
Inside deposit function it makes a call `AssetsProcess.deposit` to library `AssetsProcess.sol`. If we check the `deposit` function of `AssetsProcess.sol` library then we can see a check -
 ````
 if (accountProps.getTokenAmount(token) > tradeTokenConfig.collateralUserCap) {
                revert Errors.CollateralUserCapOverflow(token, tradeTokenConfig.collateralUserCap);
            }
````
This check is intended to prevent a user from exceeding the `collateralUserCap` for a particular token during a deposit. However, it does not account for the current deposit amount. As a result, a user can make multiple deposits and exceed the `collateralUserCap`, or they can exceed the `collateralUserCap` in a single deposit as `params.amount` is not getting considered.

And the deposit amount is getting added to users balance here after the check for the `collateralUserCap`.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/AssetsProcess.sol#L104

## Impact

A user can repeatedly deposit amounts within the limit, cumulatively exceeding the `collateralUserCap` because the check does not account for the current deposit's impact, or they can exceed the `collateralUserCap` in a single deposit as `params.amount` is not getting considered.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/facets/AccountFacet.sol#L29-L37

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/AssetsProcess.sol#L96-L98

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
```diff
- if (accountProps.getTokenAmount(token) > tradeTokenConfig.collateralUserCap) {
+ if (accountProps.getTokenAmount(token) + params.amount > tradeTokenConfig.collateralUserCap) { 
    revert Errors.CollateralUserCapOverflow(token, tradeTokenConfig.collateralUserCap);
}
```