Glorious Onyx Condor

high

# Accounting logic error leads to LP pool gaining lesser tokens when user stake using trading account

## Summary
The Elfi protocol offers this feature to cater to those who wish to transfer a portion of their tokens to manage their finances after depositing tokens into a trading account.
## Vulnerability Detail
The keeper bot calls the execute mint function, which triggers `MintProcess::_mintStakeToken`. This function internally calls `_transferFromAccount`, which subtracts the token balance from the user's trading account using `tradeAccount.subTokenIgnoreUsedAmount(token, needAmount, Account.UpdateSource.TRANSFER_TO_MINT);`. 

How the logic is implemented, is when a user mints, the tokens is sent to LP vault, of which later they will be send to the respective pools.

If a user mints using 10,000 ETH and the fee is 1 ETH, the pool's tokenAmount will increase by 9,999 ETH and the fee record will increase by 1 ETH. The actual tokens remain in the stakeToken, maintaining a total balance of 10,000 ETH. When the user redeems 9,999 tokens, with a redeem fee of 0.9999 ETH, 9,998.0001 ETH will be transferred from the stakeToken to the user, while the fee tokens stay in the stakeToken.

The following example explains how users can use trading account token balances to stake tokens.
Example Scenario:
1. **Scenario 1**: A user mints elfBTC with 10 WBTC, and all funds are deducted from the user's wallet. In this case:
   - `requestTokenAmount = 10`
   - `walletRequestTokenAmount = 10`

2. **Scenario 2**: A user mints elfBTC with 20 WBTC, and 10 WBTC funds are deducted from the user's trading account and another 10 WBTC from the user's wallet. Thus:
   - `requestTokenAmount = 20`
   - `walletRequestTokenAmount = 10`


The tokens deducted from the trading account are not sent to the stakeToken address pool but are instead stucked in the `Trade Vault Address`.
```solidity
    function _mintStakeToken(Mint.Request memory mintRequest) internal returns (uint256 stakeAmount) {
    -- SNIP --
        if (mintRequest.requestTokenAmount > mintRequest.walletRequestTokenAmount) {
            _transferFromAccount( //@audit-issue accounting, only deducts from trading account but doesn't transfer
            // this means that the LP pool only get 10 tokens (Second Scenario)
                mintRequest.account,
                mintRequest.requestToken,
                mintRequest.requestTokenAmount - mintRequest.walletRequestTokenAmount
            );
        }
    -- SNIP --
```
Similar issues in `_mintStakeUsd`
```solidity
  function _mintStakeUsd(Mint.Request memory mintRequest) internal returns (uint256 mintStakeAmount) { 
    -- SNIP --
        if (mintRequest.walletRequestTokenAmount < mintRequest.requestTokenAmount) {
            _transferFromAccount(
                mintRequest.account,
                mintRequest.requestToken,
                mintRequest.requestTokenAmount - mintRequest.walletRequestTokenAmount
            );
        }
    -- SNIP --
```
## Impact
LP pool does reflect the true value of assets staked, causing unfair distribution of rewards and assets redeemed.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/MintProcess.sol#L131

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/MintProcess.sol#L173
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Include the logic where the tokens from trading account is sent to LP vault, afterwards to their respective pools from the LP vault.