Glorious Onyx Condor

high

# StakeToken(params.stakeToken).mint reverts due to invalid access control implementation

## Summary


As per README:

>Admin Role (TRUSTED): Used for managing other Roles
Keeper Role (RESTRICTED): Only used for executing two-phase commits and scheduled tasks.

For permissioned functions, please list all checks and requirements that will be made before calling the function.
>All two-phase commit functions (functions starting with 'execute' in Facet) can only be called by the Keeper Role, such as executeOrder().
All first-phase cancellation functions can only be called by the Keeper Role (except for cancelOrder, which users can also use to cancel orders).

This issue is similar to one in my previous report, but it involves a vulnerability in access control within a different function. According to the Sherlock rule, the nature of the access control error and its mitigation differs, so I am submitting it as a separate access control issue.
> In case the same vulnerability appears across multiple places in different contracts, they can be considered duplicates.
The exception to this would be if underlying code implementations, impact, and the fixes are different, then they can be treated separately.

This situation cannot be considered a duplicate because mitigating the transferOut function, which has an access control error, will not address the denial of service issue in the mint function. The errors are distinct and occur in different functions, each requiring separate mitigation strategies.

> Both B & C would not have been possible if error A did not exist in the first place. In this case, both B & C should be put together as duplicates.
## Vulnerability Detail
Keeper bot will execute the mint request, hence this function will be called `MintProcess::_executeMintStakeToken`. 
```solidity
    function _executeMintStakeToken(
        Mint.Request memory params,
        LpPool.Props storage pool,
        uint256 baseMintAmount
    ) internal returns (uint256) {
        uint256 mintStakeTokenAmount = computeStakeAmountFromMintToken(pool, baseMintAmount);
        if (params.minStakeAmount > 0 && mintStakeTokenAmount < params.minStakeAmount) {
            revert Errors.MintStakeTokenTooSmall(params.minStakeAmount, mintStakeTokenAmount);
        }
        StakeToken(params.stakeToken).mint(params.account, mintStakeTokenAmount); //@audit-issue
        return mintStakeTokenAmount;
    }
```
Within the function, the `StakeToken(params.stakeToken).mint` is used to mint the shares to the user. However, it is not possible due to the `onlyRole(ADMIN_ROLE)` modifier.
```solidity
    function mint(address account, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(ADMIN_ROLE) {
        _mint(account, amount);
    }
```
## Impact
Mint function cannot be executed causing a denial of service
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/MintProcess.sol#L224
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/process/MintProcess.sol#L259
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-elfi-protocol/blob/main/elfi-perp-contracts/contracts/vault/StakeToken.sol#L14
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure that keeper bot can call the **mint function** by creating another modifer access control specifically for the keeper.